#54: Prepared release 5.3.0 (#69)
exasol/r-exasol: doc/changes/changes_5.3.0.md

# r-exasol 5.3.0, released 2021-08-09

Code name: Initial official release

## Summary 

This is the first official release of r-exasol. 

## Features / Enhancements
* Initial implementation
* #41: Added connection pane snippets (#57)

> * #61: add standard documentation (#62)
> * #59: Move CI build system from Travis to Github actions (#60)
> * #65: Log errno when socket access fails (#66)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #61: Added standard documentation (#62)
* #59: Migrated CI build system from Travis to Github actions (#60)
* #65: Added logging errno when socket access fails (#66)
```
